README.md, before:

# README Generator
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red)

## Description

This application will help you create a clean, professional README.md file for any project.

## Table of Contents (Optional)

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

npm i inquirer@8.2.4

## Usage

When creating any changes be sure to be working on a seperate branch from the main branch. Also be sure to close all of your branches once you are done using it.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contribute

For any desired changes you will have to create a pull request which will have to reviewed by at least 1 other deveopler  on the project..

## Tests

N/A.

## Questions

If you have any further questions or comments please contact me at shailomg@gmail.com. You can also find more of my work on my GitHub pages [marquisegordon](https://github.com/marquisegordon)

Commit message:

added walkthrough to README.md

README.md, after:

# README Generator
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red)

## Description

This application will help you create a clean, professional README.md file for any project.

## Table of Contents (Optional)

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)
-[Walkthrough](#walkthrough)

## Installation

npm i inquirer@8.2.4

## Usage

When creating any changes be sure to be working on a seperate branch from the main branch. Also be sure to close all of your branches once you are done using it.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contribute

For any desired changes you will have to create a pull request which will have to reviewed by at least 1 other deveopler  on the project..

## Tests

N/A.

## Walkthrough

This will take you to a walkthrough video of the application. https://watch.screencastify.com/v/OwGwmemt5lxsesa7zaL4

## Questions

If you have any further questions or comments please contact me at shailomg@gmail.com. You can also find more of my work on my GitHub pages [marquisegordon](https://github.com/marquisegordon)
